[SOAR-3063] add size and sort inputs to Search Asset (#703)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: rapid7_insightvm/help.md

# Requirements

* Username and password for a user with the necessary permissions

> * The URL must point to your local console, not the platform or cloud console.

Author: done

## Setup

The URL must point to your local console, not the platform or cloud console.  

> 

Reviewer: Add this back

Example input:

```
{
  "url": "https://insightvm.example.com:3780",
  "credentials": {
      "username": "username",
      "password": "password"
  }

> }

Reviewer: Add this back

  "credentials": {
      "username": "username",
      "password": "password"

>   }

Reviewer: You're missing the closing brace again, it needs to be added back

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|searchCriteria|object|None|True|Tag search criteria - options documentation: https://help.rapid7.com/insightvm/en-us/api/#section/Responses/SearchCriteria|None|None|
|size|number|0|False|The number of records to retrieve. If blank or '0' all assets that match the search will be returned|None|100|
|sort_criteria|object|None|False|An object that sorts by criteria. Multiple criteria can be specified with an order of ascending or descending|None|{"risk-score": "asc","criticality-tag":"desc"}|

Example input:

```

> {
>   "size": 100,
>   "sort_criteria": {"risk-score": "asc","criticality-tag":"desc"}
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{
  "size": 100,
  "sort_criteria": {
    "risk-score": "asc", 
    "criticality-tag": "desc"
  }
}
```

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|searchCriteria|object|None|True|Tag search criteria - options documentation: https://help.rapid7.com/insightvm/en-us/api/#section/Responses/SearchCriteria|None|None|
|size|number|0|False|The number of records to retrieve. If blank or '0' all assets that match the search will be returned|None|100|

> |sort_criteria|object|None|False|An object that sorts by criteria. Multiple criteria can be specified with an order of ascending or descending|None|{"risk-score": "asc","criticality-tag":"desc"}|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|sort_criteria|object|None|False|An object that sorts by criteria. Multiple criteria can be specified with an order of ascending or descending|None|{"risk-score": "asc", "criticality-tag": "desc"}|
```

}
```

Example output:

```

> {

Reviewer: Can you ensure the information in this blob is sanitized?

# Version History

> * 4.5.0 - Update to Asset Search action to allow sorting and control over the size of the return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.5.0 - Update to Asset Search action to allow search result limiting and sorting
```
